chore(docs): update doc/config.md to reflect 3.0 changes (#922)
cryostatio/cryostat-operator: docs/config.md

| Request | Quantity |
|---------|----------|
| Reports Container CPU | 500m |
| Reports Container Memory | 512Mi |

### Resource Requirements
By default, the operator deploys Cryostat with pre-configured resource requests:

| Request | Quantity |
|---------|----------|
| Auth Proxy container CPU | 25m |
| Auth Proxy container Memory | 64Mi |
| Cryostat container CPU | 500m |
| Cryostat container Memory | 384Mi |
| JFR Data Source container CPU | 200m |
| JFR Data Source container Memory | 200Mi |
| Grafana container CPU | 25m |
| Grafana container Memory | 80Mi |
| Database container CPU | 25m |
| Database container Memory | 64Mi |
| Storage container CPU | 50m |
| Storage container Memory | 256Mi |

> Using the Cryostat custom resource, you can define resources requests and/or limits for each of the six containers in Cryostat's main pod:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the Cryostat custom resource, you can define resources requests and/or limits for each of the containers in Cryostat's main pod:
```

Just so that we don't have to change it later :D

> - the `auth-proxy` container running the Openshift oauth proxy, which performs authorization checks, and is placed in front of the operand containers.

Reviewer: `auth-proxy` container can also be running oauth2-proxy on non-OpenShift environment?

- the `core` container running the Cryostat backend and web application. If setting a memory limit for this container, we recommend at least 768MiB.
- the `datasource` container running JFR Data Source, which converts recordings into a Grafana-compatible format.
- the `grafana` container running the Grafana instance customized for Cryostat.

> - the `database` conainer running the [Postgres](https://github.com/postgres/postgres) database image customized for Cryostat.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the `database` container running the customized PostgreSQL database image for use by Cryostat.
```

Maybe the link can point to https://github.com/cryostatio/cryostat-db?

### Target Discovery Options

> If you wish to use only Cryostat's [Discovery Plugin API](https://github.com/cryostatio/cryostat-legacy/blob/main/docs/DISCOVERY_PLUGINS.md), set the property `spec.targetDiscoveryOptions.disableBuiltInDiscovery` to `true` to disable Cryostat's built-in discovery mechanisms.

Reviewer: I think we should have the new docs on 3.0 Cryostat to discovery the Discovery Plugin?

Reviewer 2: We don't have a full document for that anymore.

https://github.com/cryostatio/cryostat/blob/604ebf3222a42eca959f2f7979c7d11f4581e69f/schema/openapi.yaml#L1233

would be the closest equivalent, but it should be a link to `main` rather than a particular commit. But then linking to `main` means the line number is not stable.

And the schema isn't very informative right now anyway - see https://github.com/cryostatio/cryostat/issues/378 .

Reviewer 2: I think the better approach would be to simply link to the OpenAPI schema YAML with a description like "find the Discovery Plugin section", and then work on https://github.com/cryostatio/cryostat/issues/378 so that the OpenAPI schema actually contains some endpoint descriptions and can act as a replacement for the old HTTP_API.md and DISCOVERY_PLUGINS.md hand-written documents.

Reviewer: Right, a link to OpenAPI schema sounds good to me!
